i have to make a very mordern and responsive To-Do Web App for my app and softeware development tracking and to-do are saved.
so i add these rule and you have to follow strictly these rule when write any code.

1. You have to use Framer Motion for every UI component. every small portion or app use this to inhance and vibrant look.
every small details use this motion graphics. 

2. When you write any ui related box, div, button, input, option chooseing, radio buttons, spinnar button or any part then
remember it have to responsive on both mobile and desktop. you have to write dual style code one for desktop and one for smartphone
it make more responsive and look so good on both screen.

3. when you make any component then use skeuomorphism and Neumorphism style stickly. even a small details are use only these two ui style stickly.

4. When you make any database related code then keep in mind that this code will not make problem when multiple user
use same account then it does not create race problem and synce to all devices.

5. you have to make this webapp as for mobile screen as user can't say that it is a web app. so it feel strictly
as a native app.

6. Any confirmation does not use browser alert. to all confirmation use native app like confirmation with skeuomorphism and Neumorphism style.

7. All errors that show to user, does not show raw error to user all error and exception cover greasfully handle
and show in mordern way so user easily understand. remember you does not show technicall error to user if any 
technicall error comes then handle it as a exception and show beautifill custom massage.

8. write all input filed with a minimum and maximum limit so it does not create overflow problem to user.
for email minimum character limit is 5 and max character limit to 50 character. all password related filed
minimum character limit is 6 and max character limit is 25. first name minimum limit is 3 and maximum limit is 25 character.
last name minimum charcter limit is 0 and maximum limit is 25 character. project name minimum 3 and maximum 30 charector.
search filed input minimum 3 and maximum 30 character. task title minimum 4 and maximum 30 character (spaces count toward the limit). task description may be empty; maximum 500 characters.

9. all database table main table have unique column for example email, user id etc.

10. any small details that help to user and inhance UX implement it.

11. follow same color pattern in all page and element. for example all button color are same input filed.

12. remember you have to remove comfirm submission alert from every page so it does not resubmit details to database
when user click on refresh button.

13. all pop are does not close when user click or tap outside to pop up box. it only close via close or cancel button only.

14. All buttons design are same font , same height as /app-home page "sign out" button have , same font size , same font color , same button border , same border radius , same button background color , 
same on hover effect , same on hover color and same button shaddow as dark blur shaddow from all sided top, bottom, left, right
side and make this shaddow toward outside to button.

